Add Push Provider public API docs, RESOLVES: OKTA-483393 (#3408)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/push-providers/index.md

The Push Providers API supports the following **Authorization Schemes**:
* SSWS - [API tokens](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#authentication)
* Bearer - [OAuth2.0 and OpenID Connect](/docs/concepts/oauth-openid/)

## Get started

Explore the Push Providers API: [![Run in Postman](https://run.pstmn.io/button.svg)](https://app.getpostman.com/run-collection/83575c0b5b075783862c)

## Push Providers operations

The Push Providers API has the following CRUD operations:

* [Create Push Provider](#create-push-provider)
* [List Push Providers](#list-push-providers)
* [Get Push Provider by ID](#get-push-provider-by-id)
* [Update Push Provider](#update-push-provider)
* [Delete Push Provider](#delete-push-provider)

### Create Push Provider

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/push-providers" />

Creates a Push Provider. Each Push Provider must have a unique `name`.

> #### Permitted OAuth 2.0 scopes

Reviewer: I think it's very useful to have the scope or scopes that an operation requires available like this. I know that the Devices API docs uses the term "permitted", but I don't think it's accurate. The MyAccount API docs use the term "Required scope". What do you think?
```suggestion
#### Required OAuth 2.0 scopes
```

    "fileName": "fileName.p8"
  }
}' "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/push-providers"
```

##### Bearer token request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${oauth_token}" \
-d '{
  "providerType": "APNS",
  "name": "Example Push Provider 1",
  "configuration": {
    "keyId": "KEY_ID",
    "teamId": "TEAM_ID",
    "tokenSigningKey": "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\nPRIVATE_KEY\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
    "fileName": "fileName.p8"
  }
}' "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/push-providers"
```

##### Response

```json
{
  "id": "ppchvbeucdTgqeiGxR0g4",
  "providerType": "APNS",
  "name": "Example Push Provider 1",
  "lastUpdatedDate": "2022-01-00T00:00:00.000Z",
  "configuration": {
    "keyId": "KEY_ID",
    "teamId": "TEAM_ID",
    "fileName": "fileName.p8"
  },
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}}/api/v1/push-providers/{pushProviderId}",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [ "GET", "PUT", "DELETE"]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### List Push Providers

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/push-providers" />

> Lists all available Push Providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all available Push Providers
```

```json
[
  {
    "id": "ppchvbeucdTgqeiGxR0g4",
    "providerType": "APNS",
    "name": "Example Push Provider 1",
    "lastUpdatedDate": "2022-01-00T00:00:00.000Z",
    "configuration": {
      "keyId": "ABC123DEFG",
      "teamId": "DEF123GHIJ",
      "fileName": "fileName.p8"
    },
    "_links": {
      "self": {
        "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}}/api/v1/push-providers/{pushProviderId}",
        "hints": {
          "allow": [ "GET", "PUT", "DELETE"]
        }
      }
    }
  },
  {
    "id": "ppctekcmngGaqeiBxB0g4",
    "providerType": "FCM",
    "name": "Example Push Provider 2",
    "lastUpdatedDate": "2022-01-00T00:00:00.000Z",
    "configuration": {
      "projectId": "PROJECT_ID",
      "fileName": "fileName.json",
    },
    "_links": {
      "self": {
        "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}}/api/v1/push-providers/{pushProviderId}",
        "hints": {
          "allow": [ "GET", "PUT", "DELETE"]
        }
      }
    }
  }
]
```

### Get Push Provider by ID

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/push-providers/${pushProviderId}" />

Fetches a Push Provider by its `id`. If you do not know the `id`, you can [List Push Providers](#list-push-providers).

> #### Permitted OAuth 2.0 scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Required OAuth 2.0 scopes
```

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${oauth_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/push-providers/${pushProviderId}"
```

##### Response
```json
{
  "id": "ppchvbeucdTgqeiGxR0g4",
  "providerType": "APNS",
  "name": "Example Push Provider 1",
  "lastUpdatedDate": "2022-01-00T00:00:00.000Z",
  "configuration": {
    "keyId": "KEY_ID",
    "teamId": "TEAM_ID",
    "fileName": "fileName.p8"
  },
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}}/api/v1/push-providers/{pushProviderId}",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [ "GET", "PUT", "DELETE"]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

##### Error response

Passing an invalid `id` returns a `404 Not Found` status code with error code `E0000007`.

```http
HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found
Content-Type: application/json
```
```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000007",
  "errorSummary": "Not found: Resource not found: 123456 (PushProviderConfigEntity)",
  "errorLink": "E0000007",
  "errorId": "oaeksGocbBmG9OGYo4vXF7llA",
  "errorCauses": []
}
```

### Update Push Provider

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/push-providers/${pushProviderId}" />

> Updates a Push Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates a Push Provider
```

> #### Permitted OAuth 2.0 scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Required OAuth 2.0 scopes
```

  }
}' "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/push-providers/${pushProviderId}"
```

##### Bearer token request

```bash
curl -v -X PUT \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${oauth_token}" \
-d '{
  "providerType": "APNS",
  "name": "Updated Example Push Provider 1",
  "configuration": {
    "keyId": "KEY_ID",
    "teamId": "TEAM_ID",
    "tokenSigningKey": "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\nPRIVATE_KEY\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
    "fileName": "fileName.p8"
  }
}' "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/push-providers/${pushProviderId}"
```

##### Response

```json
{
  "id": "ppchvbeucdTgqeiGxR0g4",
  "providerType": "APNS",
  "name": "Updated Example Push Provider 1",
  "lastUpdatedDate": "2022-02-00T00:00:00.000Z",
  "configuration": {
    "keyId": "KEY_ID",
    "teamId": "TEAM_ID",
    "fileName": "fileName.p8"
  },
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}}/api/v1/push-providers/{pushProviderId}",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [ "GET", "PUT", "DELETE"]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Delete Push Provider

<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/api/v1/push-providers/${pushProviderId}" />

> Deletes a Push Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes a Push Provider
```

> #### Permitted OAuth 2.0 scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Required OAuth 2.0 scopes
```

`okta.pushProviders.manage`

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter        | Type        | Description   |
| ---------------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `pushProviderId` | String      | The `id` of [Push Provider response object](#push-provider-response-object) |

#### Request body

None

#### Response body

None

#### Use example

This request permanently deletes a Push Provider object:

##### API token request

```bash
curl -v -X DELETE \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/push-providers/${pushProviderId}"
```

##### Bearer token request

```bash
curl -v -X DELETE \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${oauth_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/push-providers/${pushProviderId}"
```

##### Response

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
Content-Type: application/json
```

> ##### Error response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Error responses
```

}
```
Passing an `id` that is configured in a Custom App Authenticator returns a `409 Conflict` status code with the error code `E0000187`. The error occurs as long as the Custom App Authenticator is `ACTIVE` or `DEACTIVATED`.

```http
HTTP/1.1 409 Conflict
Content-Type: application/json
```
```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000187",
  "errorSummary": "Cannot delete push provider because it is being used by a custom app authenticator.",
  "errorLink": "E0000187",
  "errorId": "oaenwA1ra80S9W-pvbh4m6haA",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "Cannot delete push provider notification service configuration with id={{pushProviderId}} because it is associated with the following custom app authenticator ids=[{{authenticatorId}}]. Please unassociate it from the authenticators and try again."
    }
  ]
}
```

## Push Providers API objects

### Push Provider object

#### Push Provider properties

The Push Provider object has the following properties:

| Property          | Type                                   | Description                                        |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |

> | `configuration`   | [Configuration](#configuration-object) | Object that contains providerType specific configurations |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `configuration`   | [Configuration](#configuration-object) | Object that contains `providerType` specific configurations |
```

| `name`            | String                                 | Display name of the Push Provider                  |
| `providerType`    | String                                 | Provider type for the Push Provider. One of `APNS`, `FCM` |

#### Configuration object

> | Property             | Type            | Description                                        | Applies for Push Provider `providerType` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Property             | Type            | Description                                        | Applies to Push Provider `providerType` |
```

| -------------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| `fileName`           | String          | (Optional) File name for Admin Console display     | All
| `keyId`              | String          | 10-character Key ID obtained from the Apple developer account                   | `APNS`                                   |
| `serviceAccountJson` | JSON            | JSON containing the private service account key and service account details           | `FCM`                                    |
| `teamId`             | String          | 10-character Team ID used to develop the iOS app   | `APNS`                                   |
| `tokenSingingKey`    | String          | APNs private authentication token signing key      | `APNS`                                   |

> #### Push Provider object example (APNS provider type)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Push Provider object example (APNs provider type)
```

  "configuration": {
    "serviceAccountJson": {
        "type": "service_account",
        "project_id": "PROJECT_ID",
        "private_key_id": "KEY_ID",
        "private_key": "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\nPRIVATE_KEY\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
        "client_email": "SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL",
        "client_id": "CLIENT_ID",
        "auth_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/auth",
        "token_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/token",
        "auth_provider_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs",
        "client_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/robot/v1/metadata/x509/SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL"
    },
    "fileName": "fileName.json"
  }
}
```

### Push Provider response object

#### Push Provider response properties

The Push Provider response object has the following properties:

| Property          | Type                                   | Description                                        |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `_links`          | [Link](#link-object)                   | Allowed operations for the Push Provider           |

> | `configuration`   | [Configuration response](#configuration-response-object) | Object that contains providerType specific configurations |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `configuration`   | [Configuration response](#configuration-response-object) | Object that contains `providerType` specific configurations |
```

| `id`              | String                                 | Unique key for the Push Provider                   |
| `lastUpdatedDate` | String (ISO-8601)                      | Timestamp when the Push Provider was last modified |
| `name`            | String                                 | Display name of the Push Provider                  |
| `providerType`    | String                                 | Provider type for the Push Provider. One of `APNS`, `FCM` |

#### Link object

> For a Push Provider result, the `_links` is read-only and contains a full set of available operations using the [JSON Hypertext Application Language](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) specification. The `hints` property provides information on allowed HTTP verbs for the `href` property. The Links object is read-only. See [Web Linking](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8288)) for more information on link relations.

Reviewer: We edited this paragraph so the 2nd mention of `href` being read-only is now redundant.
```suggestion
For a Push Provider result, the `_links` is read-only and contains a full set of available operations using the [JSON Hypertext Application Language](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) specification. The `hints` property provides information on allowed HTTP verbs for the `href` property. See [Web Linking](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8288)) for more information on link relations.
```

> For a Push Provider result, the `_links` contains a full set of operations available for that Push Provider using the [JSON Hypertext Application Language](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) specification. `hints` provides information on allowed HTTP verbs for the `href`. The Links object is read-only. See [Web Linking](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8288)) for more information on link relations.

Reviewer: I cut out a fair bit of text here. The opening phrase "For a Push Provider result" already captures a specific PP.

```suggestion
For a Push Provider result, the `_links` property is read-only and contains a full set of available operations using the [JSON Hypertext Application Language](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) specification. The `hints` property provides information on allowed HTTP verbs for the `href` property. See [Web Linking](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8288) for more information on link relations.
```

#### Configuration response object

> | Property             | Type      | Description                                        | Applies for Push Provider `providerType` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Property             | Type      | Description                                        | Applies to Push Provider `${providerType}` |
```

| -------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| `fileName`           | String    | (Optional) File name for Admin Console display     | All
| `keyId`              | String    | Key ID of the APNS configuration                   | `APNS`                                   |
| `projectId`          | String    | Project ID of FCM configuration                    | `FCM`                                    |
| `teamId`             | String    | Team ID of the APNS configuration                  | `APNS`                                   |

> ##### Push Provider response example (APNS provider type)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Push Provider response example (APNs provider type)
```
